In this video, you
will get an overview
of this week's
learning objectives.
In this fourth and final
week of this course,
you will learn to implement
machine translation to translate
the English word "hello" to
the French word "bonjour".
You will also learn to
implement document search.
For example, given a document
such as the sentence,
"Can I get a refund?"
You can search for similar
documents such as,
what's your return policy?
Or may I get my money back?
You will learn any sets of
skills that you can apply
to both of these
useful NLP tasks.
Here's a preview of
the skills that you'll
practice in this week's
lectures and assignments.
Don't worry if you do not
understand what some of
these mean right now.
You will learn about
each of these and get
some practice before you
move on to the assignments.
First, you will learn
about what it means
to transform a vector
such as a word vector.
You will learn how to
implement k nearest neighbors,
which is a way of searching
for similar items.
You'll learn about hash tables,
which will help you assign
your word vectors into subsets.
Then you will learn how to
divide the vector
space into regions.
Again, don't worry if you don't
understand what this
means at this point,
you'll get some visual
understanding of what this
means and how it can help you
improve search for similar words.
Finally, you'll know how to
implement locality
sensitive hashing,
which helps you perform
approximate k nearest neighbors,
an efficient way of searching
for similar word vectors.
By practicing how to find
similar word vectors,
you'll effectively
know how to implement
machine translation
and document search.
This is very exciting material,
and we hope that you will really
enjoy what you will
learn this week.